1)difference between overloading and overriding with program
2)write a junit test case for controller in spring boot
3)what is the serialization where u use in your project?
4)what is blockArrayqueue?
5)what is time complexcity of queue
6)difference between Restcontroller and controller
7)In one folder have 3 files f1,f2,f3 how to read a files in parallel.
8)what is Stream() in java 8.
9)difference between arraylist and linkedList and where u use in your project.
10) In Arraylist two element are added how to get second element in java 8 features



Project explaination
jvm,jre,jdk,jit,class loaders
why string is immuable
serialization,transient,volatile
why wait(),notify() in object class
arraylist,linked list internal flow
comparator,comparable internal flow
java8 method references
java8 metadata
singleton,factory method,builder design patterns
thread class and runnable interface
caching
request headers
which hibernate annotation u used
zuul api
pathvariable vs request param
soap vs rest api
microservice design patterns
scalability and load balancing
microservice architecture
get vs load
casecade in hibernate
mongo db basics
kafka
aws
why optional collection?

[12/9/20 4:01 PM] Veera Lakshmi Supraja Palagiri
    

Hi, I got a call from darshana dhotrikar
1.JDK, JRE
2.scp,heap
3.why string is immuable?
4.Main deference between POST and PUT/GET
5.MOnolithic vs Microservices
6..String s1="abc";
 String s2="abc";
Where and how many objects will create?
7.String str=new String("hello");
   String str1=new String("hi");
where and How many objects will create?
8.Do you know any design Patterns? Apart from Singletone?
9.What is Singletone?
10.How many ways can we implement Singleton?
10.Do you know noSQL?
11..Default server is tomcat ,If we want to change the new server like jetty how to add it?
12.log4j in springboot
13.Spring MVC vs Spring boot.
14.HashMap internal flow? What happens if collisions occurs?
15.what is caching?
16.Java 8 features
how can u avoid ambiguity before java 8 and after java 8?
17.Lambda expression Syntax
18..how can u avoid ambiguity before java 8 and after java 8?
19.Do u have any work experience Threads
20.run() method how to run?
21.if you call by using run() what happens?
22.Hibernate collections
23.challenges in microservices?
24.What is Marker Interface?Use of Marker Interface?
25.why we are caller Marker Interface
26.Do you Know AWS?
27.Do you Know frontend technologies like angulas etc
28.Project Responsibilities ? What are the technologies u used?
29.Stream API
30.serialization

Today I got a call from Ashwini Chaudhari
1.Spring vs SpringBoot
2.String class
3.Describe about ClassLoader subsystem
4.JVM?
5.Explain abot JIT
6.Immutable class in java
7.How to create a Immutable class
8.ArrayList vs LinkedList
9.Internal Structure of HashMap
10.What is Serialization (SID)
11.Higest salary of employee
12.Profiles in spring
13.If we want to change serverport number  how to change serverport number in spring boot
14.What is REST?
15.Principles of Rest
16.String is Immutable class other than that another immutable classes
17.Monolithic vs Microservices
18.String str=new String("hello");
   String str1=new String("hi");
How many object are created?
19.Method Overloading?
20.Default server is tomcat ,If we want to change the new server like jetty how to add it?
21.Expalin abot GET vs Post
22.What is idempotent GET or Post


5)  difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder ?
6)  difference between sleep() and wait() and where you used in your project ?
7)  difference between arraylist and linkedlist and where you used in your project ? 
8)  what is singletone where you used in your project?
9)  what is desing pattern ?
10  waht is use of ioc container ?
11) what are the annotations in spring boot ? 
12) difference between Restcontroller and controller ?
13) what is api gateway ?
13) what is microservice ?
14) difference between delete and turncate ? 
15) difference between equals() and == ?
16) how to retrive first  highest salary in employee table ?
17) how to retrive second highest salary in employee table ?


Hi, I got a call from darshana dhotrikar

1.what is platform independent.
2.is jre only enough to run java application
3.how can u avoid ambiguity before java 8 and after java 8?
4.thread creation ways and lifecycle of a thread and what does schedular programming?
5.arraylist internal flow
6.arraylist vs linkedlist
7.is map comes under collection or not?
8.colection vs collections
9.java 8 features
10.what is caching?
11.get vs load in hibernate?
12.what is the collection type in hibernate?
13.pass by value and pass by reference in java?
14.spring boot annotations?
15.rest vs soap
16.purpose of headers?
17.restful service api features?
18.monolithik vs microservice?
19.challenges in microservices?
20.dependencies and annotations required in microservices?
21.design patterns in microservices?
22.expalin about singleton?
23.how can u handle when response not coming to the user?
24.jpa vs hibernate
25.consumes and produces for xml response


1. Last project details and your roles
2. How you will create endpoints for exiting API's
3. How will maintain relations between 2 classes
4. How you iwll get the data from database
5. POST vs GET
6. JPA Repository vs CRUD Repository
7. Java 8 futures
8. MySQl version and details
9. Java Version
10. Streams API
11. How will you add new dependencies in springbootapplication
12. Junit
13. Loggers


Project technical Stack: Java,Spring boot,hibernate/jpa,AWS
Interview Question
1)Project related questions
2)what are the java 8 features you implemented in previous project?
3)Difference b/w jpa and hibernate?
4)How will you develop the rest apis to update the Employee record?
5)Junit and mockito.Why mockito?
6) writing test cases for static and void methods?
7)Working experience with Git.commit the code by two person in same file.
8)Having experience with AWS?
9)Count the duplicate from ArrayList, which contains 10lakhs records. What is the best way?
10) working experience with maven gradle?
11)experience with Jenkins?
 


1) About junint testcases all annotations.
2) http://localhost:8080/getAllEmployee--> write  testcases for this.
3) Can u describe the RSA token
4) What u know datastructors explain briefly.
5) Project realtime
6) Roles and responsibilities.
7) Between loginpage and homepage how can u  write code for security.
8) Hashmap internalflow
9) how u write testcases for controller can u write  testcases using notepad.and explain each line.
10)Difference between hashmap and linked hashmap.
11) what is set
12)Difference between arraylist and linked list and    how u use these lists in ur project.
13)U know the index where ur element insert into the    arraylist so arraylist is best than  linekedlist. do you agree that.  
14)what is spring and springboot
15)what is copmonent and @service


1.Rest Api versioning.
2.Difference Between Hibernate and Jpa.
3.Difference Between collection and streams.
4.What are the adventages of streams.
5.What are the adventages of Lamda Expression.
6.Do you know about git.
7.Do you know testing frameworks like (JUnit).
8.Do you know about the Joins.
9.If the Query is not performing well what is the reason and How you will debug it.
10.In maven what is versioning Tree dependencies managment.
11.How can read data from the Excel and By using which api you have developed that.


I got a call from Harish.B
1.Explain about all the java 8 features ?
2.Array a[] = {"man","person","hello"}
   By using streams api print the string in upper case
3.opps concepts with real time scenarios
4.Difference between Abstract class and interface and what you have use in you project and why ?
5.Difference between checked and un-checked exception with realtime example ?
6.can we handle the error ?
7.Difference between statement and preparedStatement ?
8.spring MVC work flow ?
9.Dependency injection ?
10.what is autowired and types ?
11.what is Ioc container ?
12.Differnce between spring and springBoot ?
13.Difference between @controller and @RestController ?
14.Http Status codes
15.Difference between update and merge in hibernate ?
16.Jdbc Templete in built methods
17.How to make service as a MicroService
18.what is actuator and its use
19.what is Hystrix and explain with realtime sceniro
20.Explain about Zuul Api
21.what is cloud config server
22.what is difference between union and unionAll in sql
23.Joins concepts
24.Stored procedures
25.how groupBy clause works


What is exception
what is runtime exception
what checked and unchecked exception 
method overloading and overriding with return type(all conditions and example)
out of memory error can we handle or not 
what is error in exception
String scp and heap area concept
try catch and finally(with all scenario)
what is static block and initilized block
can we access static block in initilized(non static) block and vice versa
abstact class and concrete class
how can we access abstract class method and variable in concrete class
try with resource
java 8 features
what is springboot application
how it will configure internally(Ioc container)
what are the collections u have used
what is method overloading and ovrriding (example)
equals and == diffrence(Example)
try catch finally(flow)(depend upon the sysout statement try catch and finally block).how it will print line by line(execution)



1. what is abstraction,encapsulation and inhertance and why we  use it ?
2. Overriding Concept with static methods,
3. HashMap vs ConcerentHashMap
4. How you synchronize hashmap
5. what is spring boot starter
6. @SpringBootAplliction internal Annotations
7. why we nead to go for spring boot
8. @PathParam vs @QueryParam diffrence
9. second max salary for sql
10. indexing in sql
11. detached object
12. ManytoMany and how Many table created ?


Hi, got a call from Swathi Patil
1.ArrayList vs LinkedList 
2. Web Services
3.difference between @controller and @restcontroller

4.EmdID | EmpName | EmpManagerID sql query

Find based on your empid using get your manager name

5. how to restricted few urls 

6.security few basics questions

7.mappings

8.project related questions


Map internal working flow
String class internal working flow
List internal working flow
Different types of starters in Spring boot
Differnce between Monolithic & MicroServices
Microservices characteristic
Actuator how it will work

 

String Concepts Scenarios:
    String a = "Prashant";
    a = "Murali"
    a="Murali";

 

    String a= "Prashant";
    String b = new String("Prashant")
    a == b; true or false

 

    a.equals(b);
String s1 = new String("abc");
String s2 = new String("abc");

 

EmdID  | EmpName | EmpManagerID sql query
Find based on your empid using get your manager name